Significant Documentation Improvements (#258)
hpc/pavilion2: docs/tests/run.rst

   your commands as needed. You can also use ``set -e`` to exit on any
   failure.

timeout
^^^^^^^

> By default test runs timeout if they don't produce output within a certain
> amount of time. This setting allows you to extend that time arbitrarily,

Reviewer: You specified default build timeout, I think you should specify it here also. 
```suggestion
By default test runs timeout if they don't produce output within a 30 seconds. 
This setting allows you to extend that time arbitrarily,
```
